

The example [sighting.json](https://github.com/REMAR-Project/documentation/blob/main/examples/sighting.json) file contains the following data:

    00 {
    01     "sightings": [{
    02         "valid": true,
    03         "seen_by": "f791704d-3fcb-45fd-a754-0a71a8a6d088",
    04         "answers": [{
    05             "0": ["1.0"],
    06             "1": ["0"],
    07             "2": ["0"],
    08             "3": ["0"],
    09             "4": ["0"],
    10             "5": ["08/01/2016 00:00"],
    11             "6": ["Bahia"]
    12             "7": ["Caravelas"],
    13             "8": ["\u2022 N\u00e3o quero informar"],
    14             "9": ["20 de nov. de 2020 14:20:22"],
    15         }]
    16     }]
    17 }

This has been pretty printed (using jq) and the members of the answer object have been sorted for ease of comprehension.

Let's go through it line by line and annotate things:

## Line 00

Opening brace for the JSON object

## Line 01

Create a list called "sightings". This specific example contains a single un-named signting object that is started here and closed in line 16

## Line 02

A key:value pair. The key "valid" has the value true. Valid values are from the set {true:false}

## Line 03

A key:value pair. The key "seen_by" has the value of a UUID generated by the device providing the sighting. The UUIDs don't particularly mean anything but are useful for correlating sightings from the same device. Note that this UUID is not matched to a specific user account and doesn't survice reinstallation of the application.

## Line 04

Initialise a list of "answers". Each [answer object](/examples/answer_object.md) is basically a dictionary in which the key corresponds to a question, and the value corresponds to the valid answers for that question.

## Lines 05 to 14

Key:value pairs corresponding to survey questions.

## Line 15

Close the answers list and enclosed answer object from line 04

## Line 16

Close the sightings list and enclosed sighting object from line 01

## Line 17

Closing brace for the JSON object opened in line 00

